[MUSIC]
>> Scott: Was everybody able to convert
the web app over to a native app?
Yeah, some small things?
Or is anybody confused on?
And maybe you didn't finish, but maybe you
were confused on what had to be done or
some bugs or anything like that.
Anybody, any blockers?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, passing, value of
text input to this starts to ask I just
because getting a no that's
the no is not an object
this not status task but it seemed
pretty some like as far as transferring.
>> Scott: I think you forgot to
do the binding on the method,
because I said this is an old
saw it as a foreign see that
this context which doesn't belong to
the component, is part of the binding.
That's what it sounds like.
But with this next one you go to figure
out real quick what was wrong with it?
Any other blockers?
>> Speaker 3: I was just
trying to get myself setup for
Android side of development and
I got at least running.
But how do you make your refresh
after you change your code?
>> Scott: That’s what
we're about to talk about.
>> Speaker 3: Okay.
>> Scott: Yep.
>> Speaker 4: I was just wrestling layout.
>> Scott: Is it a layout tough?
>> Speaker 4: Yeah.
>> Speaker 5: I tried to move
the todo class into another file.
>> Scott: Yeah.
>> Speaker 5: And it's like, [SOUND].
>> Scott: It blew up?
>> Speaker 5: Yeah.
>> Scott: [LAUGH] All right, so
I'll make sure I do that on the solution,
then.
Okay, any other blockers
before I get into it?
No?
Okay, cool.
So we will just live code this.
So what I'll do is,
I'm just going to reset my Android to
be exactly what the iOS is right now.
There we go.
And, wait, how did it know it was?
How did it do that?
Wait does that say Android?
They both say Android, okay.
I will say what okay so now what we do is
we'll go through the go this illusion but
I'm gonna make it so
that it works on both platforms.
So I'm just putting it instead of putting
an index I enjoyed and in exile as you
know separate I'm going to make a new fall
inside a source make a new folder here.
Call app and we'll put.
To do .js just like we did on the web.
So we got that.
So protip,
you always have to import react.
That's top of your file even
though we're not using it for
this not global so react, from react.
And then some of the elements
that we're going to use.
From react native which include the View,
the Text,
the TextInput,
>> Scott: And also do TouchableOpacity,
>> Scott: There we go, from react Native.
There we go.
And then we're going to go to export
a class called
todo that extends component.
I don't know why I keep
typing in the [INAUDIBLE].
There we go.
And then what we're going to do is go
ahead and
set up the render method right quick.
So we can just make sure it's actually
rendering and we'll just return
a text, that says hello, so there we go.
So we got hello here,
if we head back over to Android I
could just get rid of pretty much
all of this except for app registry.
And I want to do is import, from,
we want to import our to do,
from source slash app,slash to do so
we have us to do here.
And this is not going to be
caught to do any more,cause
it already have been called to do so
this group and post it is going to call.
I'm going to call it me.
And then inside of Main,
all you want to do
is just return todo that looks like this.
Because it's just self-closing, so
we're just going to just put that there.
Yeah, I know you can't find stylesheet.
I know I took you out.
Okay.
I'll put you back I'll put style sheet
back cuz it's using it for styles.
Great so that's what we have there and
then I'm also just gonna go ahead and do,
I'm gonna copy this the exact same
code and place it in iOS one too.
>> Speaker 2: You didn't change
the registry, registry component.
>> Scott: Yeah and
I didn't change the registry component.
To main,
also an Android.
There we go, great.
And actually because this is literally
just doing, this returning this.
We don't even need to do this.
We can just and react now you can do this
you gonna say constant equals function,
is a stateless function and
it's just got to return to do.
We get to do that now
work exactly the same,
cause you are not doing
anything there was a shortcut.
Probably should just wrap that so
it's not, there we go.
So we could just do that and
I was going to go back to my
app todo here, there we go.
So todo app still works.
We still get this warning here.
Actually this is a refresh.
So if you want to do a refresh we're
gonna get into this at the dissolution.
And you just need to bring up
the developer menu and Android emulator.
There's a button down here,
little arrow you can click that and you
can hit the settings button right here,
the hardware settings button and
that's gonna bring up this developer menu.
And you can just hit reload.
And it'll reload and
there we go we have hello to do that.
I just made and I last you had
that you can shake your computer.
No it's a computer you can shake
your phone with command D.
Or there is at the top you can
go to the hardware sake and
it will bring up the menu as well you
can type really you can hit reload.
There's also a shortcut for
reload which I think iOS is actually
just come in are, to reload.
And Android depending on what you're
using the motion or whatever,
and see if you command him.
No, no that doesn't work.
I don't know the shortcut for Android,
I just come in here and reload.